Know on our iterator here we can also use to our methods.
And next you can use the Frue method like that.
And let's see what happens if for now run we get the first object with a value of zero and then we get
error.
And while our.
Exception I can also pass a message here and error occurred.
And what do you think we'll now see if I had run.
So show us the error because we're not handling that.
But in our iterator we could do the following.
We could add a try catch block here.
And each time we're there we're trying
to yield but if we get an error we catch that error or.
And then we simply bend it to the console.
So what do you think will now happen if I run we get our object with the value of 0 and then we get
an error occurred and then we just continue with the loop because it only failt is one time here.
But then we may just go on and have no problem with that.
So you see the generator as you're managing the state for us.
And if we actually handle the error like we're now doing you'll see it's continuing Just like if nothing
happened after that.
With the next next call before when we did not handle it you saw it just finished so it basically set
done to true and just didn't continue.
And that's why you can't control it.
And that's how the generator works with you or works for you.
Mencius restate besides frue.
We also have return but currently that is only supported in Firefox but I'm sure our browsers will also
add support in the future.
Therefore here for now we run we see it work.
But keep in mind even though I'm using Chrome you're does this just because I mean Jayde spinning your
or at the time you watch this video it might be added to other browsers involved as well.
Check out the incompatibility chart they showed in the first muchall but in general be careful in using
this feature right now.
But you talk about what it does as it can see.
We get the value of your all with for his next call but with free turn we're overwriting you value and
we're actually returning whatever we pass as an argument.
We're not repeating the value we skipped with the next step we're already done so we just left out one
instead return the number value.
So that's just another way you have to interact with your iterator from outside of it like throw four
states to get an error or return forces it to overwrite a volume